[[The First Dragons]]


# ==Spoilers==
Dragunthar was not just the first dragon, but the interface of [[Chaos]] it self. Dragunthar is not a dragon in the same way that the other [[The First Dragons|First Dragons]] are, as they are the only one to have been formed by the typically described process (by Dragon Historians as the truth is simply not known by many entities). All the other First Dragons were formed via a forced spark given by Dragunthar. This was against any of their knowledge, except [[Characters/Dragons & Kupaulus’ Kin/Kupaulus, the Hidden Dragon|Kupaulus]] eventually learned of this due their unique circumstances. Kupaulus was the only of the First Dragons to almost be an actual random instance of Chaos acting as an interface, but Dragunthar intercepted this before it could complete. This means Kupaulus is in a state between being fundamentally tied into the existence of Chaos and having their own constructed form of Chaos. Dragunthar, as an interface of Chaos, can feasibly accomplish anything and everything. No force can challenge Dragunthar for as long as it is composed or derived from Chaos, which is essentially everything in the Scrambled Universe. Notable exceptions are Kupaulus to a degree, and the infinite cosmos of the forming interfaces (beings that would have similar jurisdictions over existence) that [[Ulnigazi, the Lost Dragon|Ulnigazi]] has dedicated themselves to eradicating. Ulnigazi is not aware that they are not just preventing more of The First Dragons from being born, but instead entities existing at an entire higher plane of existence. Dragunthar is not typically able to found as they have only carried a physical form or traceable presence when they intend to interfere with the affairs of the world—like with the creation of The First Dragons initially. This essentially means that all of creation is a part of Dragunthar. If Dragunthar wishes it, they have complete manipulation over time. This would of course eliminate any other outcomes as Dragunthar is the only outcome. Utilizing their own energy, they can embody any potentially formed paradoxes and provide their own existence as the solution. It is technically possible for Dragunthar to collapse all of existence and or reset it.