Similar to the Latin of “salus” for “salvation.” A rather powerful [[Dragons|Dragon]] born after the [[Unification of Magic]]. He had a propensity to harbor [[Humans]] and other lesser races within his [[Salganoia|pocket dimension]]. It is very irregular for any [[Magic]] using creatures to be able to create pocket dimensions without the aid of [[Chaos Magic]], however Salgus was still able to manage so through having all [[Affinity|affinities]] and a great portion of Magic via the process known as [[Magical Overload]].

Salgus did not care much for the affairs of the world and the ongoing war against his kind during the [[Dragon Age]] and instead opted to either stay within his pocket dimension or to recruit others to join him within. These people that accompanied him were allowed to exit at any time, and it was treated as a reprieve from the world outside. Furthermore, those that wished to carry out diplomatic relations often opted to do so within Salganoia if they could, as it was protected entirely under the rule of a Dragon. Countless artifacts deemed too dangerous were often stolen or brought before the pocket dimension to be stored away from those with a heart full of wrath. There were even many cases of Dragon Historians opting to never leave the pocket dimension and instead remain in contact with Salgus.

Those with access to Chaos Magic can brute force their way into Salganoia, and with great effort most with all affinities could likely replicate these results, albeit with much more difficulty. The only case of someone brute forcing their way in was [[Havus, The First Prodigy]], and this was only due to the knowledge of the location of [[Zataukeru, Grave of Aternos]] being known by the scholars within. This action, of course, weakened the original spell and thus it now holds an incompleteness such that upon the death of Salgus, the pocket dimension will flood out from their corpse and desecrate the nearby land.

Salgus, during the [[Era of Prosperity]], often chose to hide away as he saw it mostly obsolete to ask of people to run from their world now that it was seemingly much better off. This doesn’t mean he never explored though, and eventually he ran into [[Grandun, the Great Dragon]], who commemorated Salgus’ capabilities even as a lesser Dragon, and offered an [[Oath]] to increase his power, to which Salgus turned down. Instead, Grandun mentioned a [[Arthas|society]] that he had seen flourish over a millennia ago. He told Salgus that there may exist Humans there that would interest him due to their vast intellect. When Salgus visited the area Grandun told him about however, he found nothing but a barren plains. There was, however, one lone [[Artificiods|Artificiod]] named [[Jexus]] that had been attempting to run from his people, but was scared of what may become of him. As a result, Jexus agreed to enter Salgus’ pocket dimension, despite being unsure of if even that was a safe option.

As time went on, and it became the [[Age of Fatigue]], Salgus often visited the world less, of which he felt guilty. He wanted to visit and offer the world that seemed to need it the most, but he was scared of [[Prodigy Child (Probot)|He Who Watches]]. After having to deal with Havus, he did not want to summon the wrath of an even more powerful [[Prodigy]]. As a result, Salgus is very interested in methods of permanently destroying the Prodigy Cycle, believing it to be unnecessary in maintaining the flow of [[Chaos]] when [[The Egg]] already seemed to create more than enough flow previously.

Jexus and the Dragon Scholars within Salganoia often work together now making requests to Salgus to allow them out at certain locations for brief periods of time to learn more of how to combat He Who Watches. Upon learning of [[His Weakening]], Salgus went to visit [[Gareth of Ishoria]] and now plans to provide him with the proper resources and power that he may need to move forwards. They have also considered creating an Oath with one another, however they would require an artifact to properly channel the Magic of the Oath due to Gareth’s late-stage [[Magic Sickness]].