The Age of Fatigue is separated into _x_ Eras (in chronological order): [[Age of Fatigue#==Era of Prosperity==|Prosperity]], [[Age of Fatigue#==Era of Collapse==|Collapse]], … .

# ==Era of Prosperity==
Immediately succeeding the [[Formation of Draguia]] and [[Humans|Human-kind]]'s acquisition of [[The Egg]], the Era of Prosperity began. It is in this sense we begin to see that those who care to record the history of the world from this point onwards is almost entirely composed of humans, as it was seen that no other race showed any signs of prosperity in this time. In a fate much akin to our own world, humans would rape the world of its resources with little concern of any adverse effects to come in the future. As more and more prowess over magic was attained, other lifeforms suffered more and more at the hands of human-kind's exploitation.

It was but only for a couple decades that humans were without a clue of how to exploit the dormant powers within [[The Egg]], but eventually a mage came along who decided to shatter the egg into fragments so that its power could be broken into simpler pieces that were easier to take advantage of. This mage, [[Ovus]], came to be the first [[Bearer of the Egg]] as she took one of these fragments and began to distribute the remaining ones to other well-to-do mages. One of these mages, [[Xavier]], came to grow discontent towards the way the world was advancing.

Before Xavier left, there was a roughly 3 year period where the nation that Ovus was from, [[Magus Optimus|Magalo]] reformed into [[Novum Optimus]] as the Bearers of the Egg took control as a council to lead the growing nation.

## Scramloria and the Events Around It
As a result, Xavier stole the current [[Prodigy]] from the chambers they were held in in order to seal them away from the rest of the world permanently. This was because the others Bearers were speaking of using the Prodigy to open [[Zataukeru, Grave of Aternos|Zataukeru]] and bring about the [[Second Coming of the Dragon Age]]. To accomplish this goal of sealing them away, Xavier took the [[Prodigy Child (Probot)|Prodigy Child]] to [[Dragonia]] and performed a great spell at the [[Tower of the Eternal Eclipse]] alongside likeminded individuals of both great strength ([[Order of the Eclipse]]) and of great weakness (Those who would come to inhabit this land). From that moment on, the lands of Dragonia were repurposed into [[Scramloria (The Sunless Realm)|Scramloria]]. The Prodigy Child, and all other members of the Order of the Eclipse, took refuge deep within [[Shadow's Peak]] where they were tasked with guarding the Prodigy.

For a long time, the nation of [[Novum Optimus]] took concern in losing one of the Bearers, but with no means of finding where Xavier had gone, they were left only with the option of putting up wanted posters and hoping for the best, and even that proved futile. Many years later, [[Sintel, Keeper of Halüges|Sintel]] came across the emanating feeling of [[Draconic Magic]] from outside the barrier of Scramloria, and began to be suspicious of what lied within the random dome that had mysteriously appeared over Dragonia 32 years past. This emanating Draconic Magic was of course coming from [[Siethun]] who resided within. As a result, Sintel raised this to the other Bearers of the Egg and received permission to [[Fall of Scramloria|siege]] upon the dome barrier surrounding Scramloria to see what lies within, especially because its formation coincides with the time period Xavier had gone missing.

This of course led to the barrier weakening, allowing Sintel to slip in, battle Xavier, destroy the Tower of the Eternal Eclipse, cause mass panic, create bouts of [[Nightfall]], kill Siethun, reveal the hiding place of the Prodigy Child, and then inevitably die to the hands of Xavier himself. Of course, it was too late for Scramloria, and all residents of the region-save [[Gareth of Ishoria|Gareth]]-perished from a mix of the armies and Nightfall. Additionally, the entire Order of the Eclipse was slain, and Xavier died as a sacrifice when performing the rite that accomplished the [[Prodigy's Disembodiment]]. Of course, before doing so Xavier tied a small piece of his own essence to the Tower of the Eternal Eclipse's ruins.

Following the Fall of Scramloria, the Prodigy Child began to slowly gain control over the world even without a corporeal form, which was first manifested through whispering and feelings of being watched leading to the name He Who Watches being coined. This Age ends as soon as He Who Watches had gained enough power to perform the [[Probot Massacre]], thus marking the descent of the world, and the end of the Era of Prosperity.

# ==Era of Collapse==
It is ==**232 DB**==. Many are dead as a result of the [[Probot Massacre]], and [[The Egg]] has been in use for about 204 years. The flow of [[Chaos]] is compromised and exhibits a polar nature. Due to all these facts, [[Magic]] begins to falter. [[Prodigy Child (Probot)|He Who Watches]] takes advantage of this fact, playing with those that survived his massacre. He banishes the remaining [[Bearer of the Egg|Bearers of the Egg]] to [[Deisomnia]] and fuses back together The Egg as a way to lure people. [[Novum Optimus]] as a result begins to fizzle out over the next 2 years as it struggles to form a strong government in a world where the force they are based in the study of, Magic, is turning increasingly weak and obsolete. On another note, with the promise of great power were one to obtain The Egg, He Who Watches began to gain excitement from watching people fight over it and compete for resources, technology, land, and artifacts. Examples of how the entire world was now aware of The Egg can be seen with groups of [[Humans]] that partook in the actions of things like the [[1st SMP]] and [[2nd SMP]]. Those examples didn't go too crazy, so He Who Watches will not have cared, but there were also cases where people really fell for his game and became his source of entertainment. One example of this is the events of the [[3rd SMP]]. After around 16 years of He Who Watches playing this game however, [[Gareth of Ishoria]] would return to the [[Scramloria (The Sunless Realm)|ruins of Scramloria]] and his activity would bring about [[His Weakening]]. In this period of time, He Who Watches gets angry and tries to find Gareth, but finds his efforts barred due to a mysterious power coming from the destroyed [[Tower of the Eternal Eclipse]]. This force, of course, was the spirit of [[Xavier]] that he had tied to the ruined landmark before dying. In the mean time, Magic starts to come back somewhat as it has been sometime since The Egg was used in its fractured form to abuse its power, though it is still much weaker than it once was. During this time, the [[4th SMP]] would also take place. With He Who Watches now at his weakest, he begins to get desperate, and starts to make small influences all over the world in hopes of creating [[Followers of He|zealots]] ambitious enough to come and boost his power either through some form of [[Oath]] or by stopping Gareth.

It is at this point that the story of the final SMP will take place.

# ==Year System==
The immediate year following the year the Formation of [[Draguia]] took place is recorded as 0 DB (Dragon-Bare). Every subsequent year adds 1 to this number.