Following the [[Unification of Magic]], other beings began to be born, and the interwoven pieces of [[Magic]] would coalesce into various forms of matter. A floating world began to form, and as time advances, so does its size. This world, [[Navu]], began to be inhabited by all sorts of creations that held different [[Affinity|Affinities]]. Due to the [[Exchange of Magical Balance]], [[Humans]] began to grow to a level of strength where they were capable of felling dragons, but they needed the motivation. This motivation came in the form of the realization that the magical composition of [[Dragons]] was the most pure out of any lifeform. As such, humans would harvest dragons for advancing their magical technologies and prowess. Humans reached new heights of magical ascension.

Some stronger dragons caught on, but in general humans were hunting dragons to extinction (even if not on purpose) at an alarming rate. [[Chaos Dragons]] however, are so far beyond the scope of human power that they didn't exactly care about what was happening, as dragons of the modern world are viewed as weaker and less than by them. In order to keep themselves separate from the modern world, [[Aternos]] decided to separate all Chaos Dragons away from the rest of reality by creating a pocket dimension within themselves under the spell induced in the [[Formation of Draguia]]. Before fully sealing themselves away, Aternos left behind [[The Egg]] so that if things did begin to go south, or if otherwise needed, Aternos could interact with the outside world by hatching a new body from The Egg and rebirthing. Following the Formation of Draguia, humans stole The Egg and began to use it for their own purposes, and the Dragon Age came to a close.

#### Year System
The time immediately following 0 Cs is unmarked, as the exact time that the Unification of Magic occurred is unknown in it's exact years. As such, the year that the Formation of Draguia occurred is recorded as 0 DA (Meaning Dragon Age) and going closer to the Unification of Magic adds a year for every year in that direction.