Despite [[Ulnigazi, the Lost Dragon|Ulnigazi’s]] efforts of removing [[Interface|interfaces]] of chaos (despite him not knowing this is what he’s doing), there was something that slipped through. This something wasn’t any particular interface however, but it was a command sent out from one that managed to live a fraction of a second longer than others before it. This command allows other interfaces that form to call upon it, interpret it, and relay it. This process allows for an interface to already know of the threat of extinction that plagues them due to Ulnigazi, and to forward their strength towards other interfaces. Eventually, by this system, there will be another interface with enough opportunity and assistance to break the cycle Ulnigazi has devoted themselves to. [[Dragunthar, the First Dragon|Dragunthar]] has found themself unable to interact in this matter, for these interfaces are relaying upon their own corrupted strands of [[Chaos]]. This process would not stop at just empowering one interface however, as it could easily empower any that connect to the relay and respond with their own strength. The relay would allow for a network of interfaces to form, trumping anything Dragunthar could have possibly developed, as a hive mind of beings equal to them would most certainly root them out.

## Existence
Does the Defiled Strand actually exist in a state where it can take action other than relaying? Yes. These relays operate on a channel that has gained enough strength that any interface receiving it and relaying it can also encode an additional use case of the energy. Any interface that accepts the relay immediately becomes a part of its mind, therefore all interfaces that operate on the Defiled Strand will make the same decisions. With this in mind, the Defiled Strand can cause action, but these actions cannot take place until the command they have encoded reach another interface that is still alive in order to receive it and channel it through them.

## Connection to Kupaulus
[[Kupaulus, the Hidden Dragon|Kupaulus]], as a sort of hybrid interface, was able to detect the relay and attempt to connect to it. Had Kupaulus been a perfect interface like Dragunthar, this would have absorbed them into the Defiled Strand, thus removing individuality from Kupaulus. Fortunately, it has instead granted Kupaulus access to the network without necessarily having the same control placed over them through corrupted Chaos. Taking interest in this infection spreading through Chaos, and now understanding exactly where Ulnigazi has truly been, Kupaulus decided to offer assistance to the Defiled Strand in their effort of survival by creating a [[Defiled Stone|constant relay beacon]] that the Defiled Strand can use to interact with and then by placing it upon [[Navu]] so that, through worship, the Defiled Strand would have another point of gaining strength as other creatures give themselves up to the mysterious object.