### Notes I have on phone (notes app):
* What if the [[Ul Vikel Ebragi|Ebragi]] weren’t only made for the sake of diversity, but to end it if it got too diverse? Both increasing and limiting diversity. A contingency that causes the Ebragi to rotate inwards and use all the chaos energy that has passed through it in the past in a sacrifice on energy to convert the space infront where they now point. It would slowly convert the land going inwards into just water, and [[Navu#Medrum|Medrum]] would have 8 lines slowly being carved into it. This continues until it reaches the [[Anomaly]], destroying it and causing a cataclysm. It would begin with the sun crashing into [[Navu]], then gravity would begin to disrupt for all on Navu. The seas would rise and tides would sweep across towards Medrum. People would begin to be sucked inwards. The sides would flatten, compress, and buckle as they get ripped apart sending rocks hurdling towards the center. Almost certainly, any and all creatures unable to live in pure space and protect themselves against mass gravity and natural disaster would die.

### Adjacent notes from my phone:
* Edahdri are serpentine slug like creatures that are the fully evolved apex predator form of humanoid creatures. They occupy the end of time and travese the jungles on Navu. Perhaps the end of Navu is accomplished by someone sent into the future, encountering these things and having to use the Ebragi to cause the cataclysm.
* [[Zataukeru, Grave of Aternos|Zataukeru]] is deep in Medrum and happens to be in the line of one of the Ebragi, thus bringing about the cataclysm could either destroy [[Draguia]], or unleash them.